polish docs (#23)
apache/skywalking-satellite: README.md

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/apache/skywalking.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Stars&logo=github)](https://github.com/apache/skywalking)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/asfskywalking.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Follow&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/AsfSkyWalking)

# Documentation
- [Official documentation](https://skywalking.apache.org/docs/)
- [Blog](https://skywalking.apache.org/blog/2020-11-25-skywalking-satellite-0.1.0-design/) about the design of Satellite 0.1.0.

NOTICE, SkyWalking Satellite uses [v3 protocols](https://github.com/apache/skywalking/blob/master/docs/en/protocols/README.md). They are incompatible with previous SkyWalking releases before SkyWalking 8.0.

# Download
Go to the [download page](https://skywalking.apache.org/downloads/) to download all available binaries, including MacOS and Linux.
If you want to try the latest features or run on the Windows, however, you can compile the latest codes yourself, as the guide below. 

# Compile
As SkyWalking Satellite is using `Makefile`, compiling the project is as easy as executing a command in the root directory of the project.
```shell script
make build
```

> Due to system compatibility problems, some plugins of SkyWalking Satellite cannot be used in Windows system. If you need to compile SkyWalking Satellite on Windows platform, please read [the doc](docs/en/guides/compile/compile.md).

Reviewer: I can see `Windows` is your makefile, what do you mean ?

Author: platform means the supported platform，however，it not works. It only works when append windows  to the build

Author: fixed

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/apache/skywalking.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Stars&logo=github)](https://github.com/apache/skywalking)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/asfskywalking.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Follow&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/AsfSkyWalking)

# Documentation
- [Official documentation](https://skywalking.apache.org/docs/)
- [Blog](https://skywalking.apache.org/blog/2020-11-25-skywalking-satellite-0.1.0-design/) about the design of Satellite 0.1.0.

NOTICE, SkyWalking Satellite uses [v3 protocols](https://github.com/apache/skywalking/blob/master/docs/en/protocols/README.md). They are incompatible with previous SkyWalking releases before SkyWalking 8.0.

# Download
Go to the [download page](https://skywalking.apache.org/downloads/) to download all available binaries, including MacOS and Linux.

> If you want to try the latest features or run on the Windows, however, you can compile the latest codes yourself, as the guide below. 

Reviewer 2: Should be reworded, we will deliver a Windows binary, right?

# Compile
As SkyWalking Satellite is using `Makefile`, compiling the project is as easy as executing a command in the root directory of the project.
```shell script
git clone https://github.com/apache/skywalking-satellite
cd skywalking-satellite
git submodule init
git submodule update
make build
```

> Due to system compatibility problems, some plugins of SkyWalking Satellite cannot be used in Windows system. If you need to compile SkyWalking Satellite on Windows platform, please read [the doc](docs/en/guides/compile/compile.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Due to system compatibility problems, some plugins of SkyWalking Satellite cannot be used in Windows system. Check the corresponding documentation to see whether the plugin is available on Windows.
```
